everyone so this is me I'm the first one
in my new apartment at Disneyland for
the Disney College Program I just kind
of wanted to show you around before
everyone got here being quiet because is
this like really cool and I don't know I
should be screaming but anyway this is
the apartment so this is the front door
I won't say where I am or anything but
this is the kitchen it's lovely
everything's like stainless steel and it
looks pretty nice so far it overlooks
our nice little living room here I like
the colors they use nice earthy tones
with the with the sofa there but we look
out there's not much of a view it's just
kind of looks out onto to the entryway
of the apartments and everyone's coming
in today I'm getting ready check in is
over in kind of the main area um but
yeah we have a table and chair set up
gonna go into the first bedroom this is
the room with the bunk bed um not not
too bad it's pretty spacious they have a
really big closet know if you can see
through this but it goes all the way
across which is nice looks like they
have a bigger bathroom um no no
bathrooms can't be that glamorous I
suppose but but yeah I'm not too bad
little dresser area and then um our
fancy bedroom is right here okay maybe I
shouldn't have used the adjective fancy
but nonetheless it is a bedroom my bed I
chose that one I think unless I make a
split decision and change my mind but we
have a little dresser of our own as well
the apartment view is pretty much the
same a little closet space yeah not too
bad it should fit enough with my clothes
we also have a bathroom here oh hi um
yeah just bathroom I guess probably get
a new shower curtain not too shabby but
we have ooh a washer in dryer um maybe
just the washer I don't really know
those are new to me anyway so whatever
it is I'll figure it out and then we
have a little closet for more stuff
cubbies so cool well this is this is it
and this is day one of my adventure so
so wish me luck and these are what the
apartments look like in carnegie plaza
at anaheim california all right